[Doc] Graph Construction PR Refactor - PR1: GSProcessing Doc Refactor (#907)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/graph-construction/gs-processing/usage/aws-infra-index.rst

================================================
Running distributed processing jobs on AWS Infra
================================================

> After successfully building the appropriate Docker image and pushing to the Amazon ECR,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully building the appropriate Docker image and pushing it to Amazon ECR,
```

Reviewer: Please provide a link to ECR.
Same to all other AWS services.

> configuring the input parameters, you can now initiate GSProcessing jobs utilizing AWS resources.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can say "building the appropriate Docker image and pushing to the Amazon ECR" here? To run distributed jobs we don't need to install the dependencies of GSProcessing.

Author: That makes sense, I will move to that.

> We support to run GSProcessing jobs on different AWS Infras including: sagemaker, emr-serverless, emr

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We support running GSProcessing jobs on different AWS execution environments including: Amazon SageMaker, EMR Serverless, and EMR on EC2.
```

> We support running GSProcessing jobs on different AWS execution environments including: Amazon SageMaker, EMR Serverless, and EMR on EC2.

Reviewer: Add a hyperlink for SageMaker, EMR serverless, EMR and EC2.
